1  ) tesseract: And so it was said, "There is netlag, and it sucketh!"
2  ) estan: Estan: Pretzels and salsa. Who'da though? I mean, ambrosia with
dip. It's the best idea I've had all week :)
3  ) somara: Strong typing is for people with weak memories.
4  ) vraxor: "If I knew for a certainty that a man was coming to my house
with
the conscious design of doing me good, I should run for my life." - Henry
Thoreau, "Walden"
5  ) mau: "Heinz has 80% of the ketchup market because they have been able
to
define the taste of ketchup in the mind of ketchup consumers. Now the Heinz
Ketchup brand is so effective that as consumers we think that ketchup that
will
not come out of the bottle is somehow better than ketchup that pours
easily!"
-- Robert Young, RedHat
6  ) pam: As it is the characteristic of great wits to say much in few
words,
so it is of small wits to talk much and say nothing.  --La Rochefoucauld
7  ) arren: The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers. -- William
Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
8  ) pam: My husband gave me a necklace. It's fake. I requested fake. Maybe
I'm
paranoid, but in this day and age, I don't want something around my neck
that's
worth more than my head.  --Rita Rudner
9  ) kieve: If all these people never existed, all our problems would
disappear.
10 ) vraxor: Money doesn't buy happiness, but it sure makes misery a lot
easier
to live with.
(1-23 11%): 
11 ) qualin: Military intelligence is to intelligence what military music is
to
music. -- Groucho Marx
12 ) vraxor: If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving definitely isn't
for
you.
13 ) vraxor: Shin: a device for finding furniture in the dark.
14 ) cymric: An circular island (with radius R) is completely covered with
grass.  A farmer wants his goat to eat exactly half of the grass, and so he
ties a piece of rope to a pole which is located *on the edge* of the island.
The goat is on the other end of this rope. How long should the rope be?
15 ) somara: Syntax error on line 1 of /dev/null
16 ) cymric: This prime advertising space for hire.
17 ) arren: "All flesh is grass" -- Isiah.    Smoke a friend today.
18 ) arren: The A language will not succeed without a good name. I have
recently invented a very good name and now I am looking for a suitable
language. -- D. E. Knuth, 1967
19 ) arren: SYNOPSIS: yes [ expletive ] -- Extract from System III UNIX
Progammers Manual 2/7/1983
20 ) arren: Theology is a device which permits agnostics to remain within
the
church. -- Yes, Prime Minister
21 ) pam: You can go a long way with a smile. You can go a lot farther with
a
smile and a gun.  --Al Capone
22 ) somara: Buy a P6 so you can reboot faster.
23 ) qualin: Ideas leave some minds quickly because they don't like solitary
confinement.
24 ) vice: [flap] Vice bonks Crowley.  [flap] Crowley: Ah, the internet,
what a
great place... Where else can I get bonked four times a minute?
25 ) vraxor: [noble] Crowley: Damn it, Ichigo, you broke me again!!
26 ) crowley: "Red Dwarf VIII - Some things were never meant to make sense."
27 ) crowley: "Women, can't live with 'em...  What do you mean there's more
to
that saying??" - Crowley
28 ) arren: A door is what a dog is perpetually on the wrong side of. --
Ogden
Nash
29 ) pam: Reflections on ice-breaking: Candy is dandy, but liquor is
quicker. 
--Ogden Nash
30 ) ichigo: [noble] Ki'eve panics, "The sefun is falling!"
31 ) digdug: I'm gonna be a naughty vampire, I'm gonna be a naughty vampire
god, yea!
32 ) tab: [flap] Vice is gonna be tight again if it kills her!
33 ) arren: The obvious mathematical breakthrough would be development of an
easy way to factor large prime numbers. -- Bill Gates, "The Road Ahead," p.
265.
34 ) vice: I have a computer, a vibrator, & pizza delivery. Why should I
leave
the house?
35 ) vice: Im not your type. Im not inflatable.
36 ) vice: Yeah, right! Like I'm going to put that icky thing in my mouth.
37 ) vice: You!  Off my planet!
38 ) vice: A hard-on DOESNT count as personal growth.
39 ) vice: Who are these kids, and why are they calling me Mom?
40 ) qualin: Friendly advice of the day:  Remember, it takes 42 muscles to
frown but only 4 to extend your finger ;)
41 ) somara: Programs are poems for the computer, but some of them are
written
in Vogon. --Usenet
42 ) arren: Liar n.: A lawyer with a roving commission. -- Ambrose Bierce
43 ) cymric: "We are using Linux to UP our productivity---so UP yours,
Microsoft!"
44 ) cymric: The linuX Files---The Source is Out There.
45 ) cymric: Kissing helps to prevent cavities. [Seen on CNN's website]
46 ) arren: The fact that it works is immaterial. -- L. Ogborn
47 ) vraxor: Label seen on a Korean kitchen knife: Warning - keep out of
children.
48 ) mau: [noble] Vraxor: ok, where's that guy Segmentation? the log says
it's
his fault!
49 ) arren: There's so much pollution in the air these days that if it
weren't
for our lungs there'd be no place to put it all. -- Robert Orben
50 ) arren: Your fault - core dumped.
51 ) vertigo: "Today, President Clinton was aquited of all charges.
Afterwards,
he gave this sure-to-be-historic follow-up speach."    *Clinton walks up to
the
podeum*  "I. Am. Bulletproof.   Next time, bring some Kryptonite."  --SNL
52 ) arren: There's a fine line between courage and foolishness. Too bad
it's
not a fence.
53 ) vertigo: [info] Vertigo posts a
message on the Link.  [noble]
Crowley: Oh lord, that's gonna be an epic novel.
54 ) somara: Telepath wanted. You know where to apply.
55 ) vraxor: Seen in a newspaper for-sale section: Braille dictionary for
sale.
Must see to appreciate!
56 ) somara: Illiterate? Write for free help. (Ad reportedly seen in U.S.)
57 ) arren: An American's a person who isn't afraid to criticize the
President
but is always polite to traffic cops.
58 ) crowley: [noble] Ichigo the Spice_Girl: sheesh...
59 ) pam: Refreshing note on one website: This site is best viewed with a
browser.
60 ) qualin: Bumblebee : any of numerous large robust hairy social bees
(genus
Bombus)
61 ) arren: There is so much sand in Northern Africa that if it were spread
out
it would completely cover the Sahara Desert.
62 ) crowley: [flap] Ichigo: whoa, I'm surprised...  I'm back and I'm still
pregnant ;)
63 ) vice: To Whom It May Concern: This is to inform you that you are wished
a
merry period of time up to and including Dec. 25th and a happy period of
time
after, but not including, Dec 31st. The dates, Dec. 26th to Dec. 31
inclusive,
can also, for purposes of this wish, be considered a time of merriment
and/or

happiness, at your discretion. Be adviced that wishes for peace, goodwill,
comfort and joy are also in effect as of this correspondence.
64 ) vraxor: "According to most studies, people's number one fear is public
speaking. Number two is death. Does that seem right? That means to the
average
person if you have to go to a funeral, you're better off in the casket than
doing the eulogy." --Jerry Seinfeld
65 ) vraxor: Adolescence is like seasickness. Both are funny, but only in
retrospect.
66 ) pam: ...sometimes, you don't even have the time to realize what is
happening to your life, that has already happened... the world moves too
fast... let's recapture the essence of time.  --Robert Miles
67 ) arren: Actual listing in the TV section of the Marin (CA)
Independent-Journal: "Movie 'The Wizard of Oz': Transported to a surreal
landscape, a young girl kills the first woman she meets, then teams up with
three strangers to kill again."
68 ) mau: "Man darf das nicht vor keuschen Ohren nennen / was keuschen
Herzen
nicht entbehren können." (To chaste ears one must not say aloud / what
chaste
hearts cannot do without.) - Goethe's "Faust"
69 ) lurk: bill_g~1.sux
70 ) tab: Last night I played a blank tape on full blast. The mime next door
went crazy.
71 ) lurk: I knew I became a man, when the husbands of the ladies at work
became jealous. - Lurk
72 ) pam: [noble] Somara: you know you've been mudding too much when you
only
need to see the line number and know which error it is
73 ) vertigo: [flap] Arren: and the weak shall have realaudio and sucketh
ass.
74 ) crowley: "Princess Ichigo the expectant mother of Split Infinity
(female)"
75 ) arren: The number one cause of hardware failure is things not being
plugged in.
76 ) digdug: 'The average male thinks about sex 238 times per day' I'm not
sure
who they are asking these questions but I think about sex 4-500 times per
day
77 ) tab: [flap] Ichigo: crowley, mind if I shoot you?  (just say yes or no)
78 ) lurk: Mud: /secure/save/creators/l/lurl (secure/lib/move.c), line 51
*call_other() couldn't find obect... Lurk: Well, try harder then!
79 ) arren: _Sometimes_ it happens that I just see the disassembled code
sequence from the panic, and I know immediately where it's coming from.
That's
when I get worried that I've been doing this for too long ;-) -- Linus
Torvalds, 'Documentation/oops-tracing.txt', 2.2.0-final
80 ) pam: Top twenty replies by programmers when their programs don't work:
"I
thought I fixed that."
81 ) cymric: Life: a sexually transmitted disease with a 100% mortality
rate.
82 ) arren: passwd -l $(tail +$(random $(wc -l /etc/passwd)) /etc/passwd |
head
-n 1 | cut -f 1 -d : )  -- Russian Roulette under Unix
83 ) lurk: You've made your bed, now sleep in it. What kind of advice is
that?
84 ) vertigo: "You know, they say you can't have too many cats. Well, you
can.
And I do."  --Vert's dad    =)
85 ) digdug: "If you lose your money, You lose nothing. If you lose your
honor,
You lose a lot. If you lose your courage, You lose everything."
86 ) somara: From an enjoyment point of view, it probably matters not at all
which branch of mathematics you get into. --seen on sci.math
87 ) crowley: "Love is only the mask that lovers wear to hide the
dissolution
of their union from one another for a little while." - Orson Scott Card
88 ) pam: If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts. --Albert
Einstein
89 ) crowley: "I think that death only looks for you once you start to seek
its
opposite." - Agent Mulder
90 ) pam: Barnum was wrong--it's more like one every thirty seconds.
91 ) arren: I'm all for computer dating but I wouldn't want one to marry my
sister.
92 ) jackel: Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach a man to
fish
and he has an excuse to be away from the wife.
93 ) lurk: Blessed is he who learnes to laugh at himself, for he shall never
cease to be entertained. - John Powell
94 ) lurk: Man is unhappy because he doesn't know he is happy. If anyone
finds
out he'll become happy at once.
95 ) vertigo: If your local cable provider doesn't carry UPN, you might have
to
organize some sort of protest.  The most effective form of protest is what I
call Virtual Self-Immolation.  This is similar to self-immolation with the
important distinction that you are setting someone else on fire instead of
yourself.   --DNRC Newsletter
96 ) qualin: Famous Last Words:  Pilot, TWA Fl. #343, "What's a mountain
goat
doing 'way up here?"
97 ) cymric: Weird anagrams: 'To be or not to be; that is the question,
whether
't is nobler in the mind to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous
fortune...' --- 'In one of the Bard's best-thought-of tragedies, our
insistent
hero Hamlet queries on two fronts how life turns rotten.'
98 ) cymric: Weird anagrams: 'That's one small step for man, one giant leap
for
mankind.' --- 'Thin man ran, makes a large stride, left planet, pins flag on
Moon! On to Mars!'
99 ) cymric: Weird anagrams: Mother-in-law --- Woman Hitler.
100) cymric: Weird anagrams: Desperation --- A rope ends it.

